a scene that's become all too familiar
Palestinian journalists targeted and
killed by Israeli
forces Al jazer correspondent is alul
and cameraman Ramy arifi were targeted
by an Israeli air strike on their
vehicle while they were clearly marked
as
[Music]
press this vist is praised by
International institutions but it did
not protect our colleague Ismael or any
other colleagues you can see how this
vest has become stained with isma's
blood and some of his body parts what
did Ismael do to deserve this he
conveyed the suffering of the people and
the True Image the blood on this vest is
a testament to his sacrifice his body
parts are still
honored is and Ramy were reporting in
the sh at refugee camp in Northern Gaza
near the home of Hamas political Chief
is who was assassinated earlier in the
day in
Iran Witnesses from the scene recount
the harrowing images saying their bodies
were in
pieces I heard the sound of a missile
Landing so I rushed out of the house and
saw Ismael coming out of Han's house
with the press and getting into Vehicles
they told me the military had shelled
the house with a missile as a warning on
the roof immediately began to leave and
Evacuate the area moments later I
received a call that Ismael alul had
been
killed in a statement Al jazer media
Network condemned The Killing saying the
Israeli occupation forces targeted the
vehicle in which is and Ramy were
traveling with a missile resulting in
coldblooded
assassination this latest attack on Al
jaaz journalists is part of a systematic
targeting campaign against the networks
journalists and their families since
October of
2023 Israel has repeatedly targeted
Palestinian journalists covering the war
on
Gaza at least 165 journalists and media
workers have been killed in Israeli
attacks in what's become known as the
deadliest conflict on record for
journalists Hamas salut Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jaaz